remove useless default backup UTC time table (#10142)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/backup-and-restore.md

4. Click **Confirm**.

> If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, that is 2 a.m. in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

Author: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, that is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.
```

> If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, that is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you do not specify a preferred backup time, TiDB Cloud assigns a default backup time, which is 2:00 AM in the time zone of the region where the cluster is located.
```
